of good strategies would be to again empathize I'm typically would make
routine rounds with the team so I would come in you know in the morning
right before lunch after lunch sometime in the evening and be
present during special evolutions if you know your your team has say
evolution to a training evolution you might want to be around for the
around for the meetings there around just be there be be around it
add your input when it's needed sometimes you'll have to play what
I call would be the sword and shield will they might need someone to
speak up for them to a senior and you might be there might be that
guy to take the sword and go out and do what you need to do and speak
for them but at the same time if something happens that like not
so good for your your your team as say a a training evolution didn't
go as planned you need to be there to defend them but how would you
defend them if you're not there